# NetBox Sample Webhook Data
Files in this directory contain actual JSON payloads generated by NetBox webhooks in different scenarios. Use these as a guide to identify interesting data fields to create your own webhook listeners!

Instead of launching the ```main.py``` Flask application, these payloads were captured using NetCat with the commandline:

<pre>
(venv) $ <b>nc -l 19703</b>
</pre>

Replace ```19703``` with the port your NetBox webhook is configured to send. Modify an interface setting or IP address, and collect the output. As you progress, you will have a sample library of JSON payloads to help guide your own development efforts.

## interface-mtu-desc-noshut.json
**Interface** webhook. An MTU of 9000 was set, the interface was provided a description in NetBox, and the **enabled** checkbox was selected.

## interface-no_mtu-no_desc-shutdown.json
**Interface** webhook. The MTU field was deleted / set to nothing, the description field was cleared, and the **enabled** checkbox was UNchecked.

## interface-wireless-updated.json
**Interface** webhook. This is the data from a *wireless* interface that was updated. Note some of the extra fields indicating wireless-specific settings. Managing a wireless access point? Start here for the data you might encounter!

## ipam-address-deleted.json
**IP Address** webhook. An IP address was deleted from NetBox, so should be UNconfigured from a device interface. Can you find the relevant information?

## ipam-ipv6-example.json
**IP Address** webhook. Here, an IPv6 address was configured on an interface. How would you gather the device, interface, and IPv6 address information?

## ipam-new-address-created.json
**IP Address** webhook. A new address has been created and was assigned to an interface.

## ipam-removed-from-device.json
**IP Address** webhook. The IP address was not deleted, but is no longer associated with any interface. This should be processed to remove the old IP address!